# satoshi-Nakomoto
at the time of the initial coding, I defined using a formula that had numerical coordinates and each currency code had a unique identity, and at the same time was operating cash under the pseudonym Satoshi Nakamoto. And my goal The induction of banking stability cryptocurrency was created to elevate a revolution in the attitude of the central treasury and the monetary organization, and the idea of ​​creating each sell was in line with a coding program that would create economic transparency in the world and provide financial security to capital owners. Every human being has a new vision and a true belief that the honesty of the thoughts that originate leads the heart to the reasoning of the metaphysical science of the brain. During these several years since the birth of this financial system, many people have abused my position and name and shown themselves in my place. Wow, the growth attitude is to induce the removal of Satoshi Nakamoto and name an identity that, if his name produced an economic revolution, stemmed only from faith and God's direct connection to the intrinsic intellect and intuition that served human society. But I can no longer bear that Such capital that using the sciences of God This kind of plunder is created by opportunists who try to shake this illusion from the darkest parts of everything. The goal is to create the attitude of the birth of superior minds to leave a legacy to the future, as our past left us. In fact, man The further it goes, the closer it actually gets to the past of its predecessors, and this means that we will exist again and again in nature, but with a different appearance and mask that we choose. So the new revolution is the attitude of Bitcoin today towards It starts a new one, and that is creating the business balance of an economic act in relation to certain times, such as the coronary heart disease epidemic in the world, which with this excellence creates the confidence of capital owners in times of such problems and disasters and the existence of Bitcoin financial insurance. The title of Quinn Insurance, which is based on stock exchange transactions, of course, depending on the type of problem, for example, during major illness, the activity to provide medicine, vaccines and items needed by human societies, because the growth of a nation is only when that nation is equal to gender and Race to know that humans based on reason and Judy is judged, not visually. So my friends, brothers, sisters and masters. I once again, as a service to you, proves the motivation of time and not language. So my heart is the place of love and wealth that you have in your heart and You give it to your fellow man with a smile. You are your real wealth. Love is believed to be a seedling in the existence of every hero.
